You can't do this to me
You can't say that.
Brother Ming and I are in love
Mingming
I work three jobs a day for you to earn money to support you
How could you betray me with Ran Ran?
Can't do this to me
Shi Qiang, you can't blame us.
If you want to blame it, blame your mother
If it weren't for that bitch
Will I have nothing now?
I have worked hard for so many years
It's all gone now
Me?
What do you mean?
It seems that nothing actually matters
Nothing, just enjoy it here
Brother Ning's car is too dirty, I'll wait for you outside
Master Shi, you Southeast women really
The owner has never seen you so nervous on the battlefield
Because the results are out? Not yet.
Xiaosheng love is just for you
Do you blame me if you know?
Don't worry, the owner.
After Miss Shi found out that you were his biological mother
Sure will be happy
So late
It's time to be back soon.
You go and have a look. Yes.